[Music]
[Applause]
tells crowd from youtube all who firmly
You're talking about the cross here.
tutorial here look here today I
I'll bring that nine goals to
always galleys very difficult not
have to have facebook, people are you
make three facebook or five facebook
every day you enter these five facebook
take the glass the gasket together and it goes
will invent lives into force making up
so a lot of people are right if
we should comment that Bonnie's
do not give bath were the band's promotion
each promotion is not defined by the
generator that lost there from the project generates 2 is
another thing
so come on, I'll leave the link on
description of these here reaches
Doritos
you will enter it to notice leif
america will give entrance until everything already
Right, she has a problem, right?
europe you can like me
the spanish spanish spanish radar
That's where the fuck is going to come out here.
you are OK
is very difficult
the cream of facebook in nice not
yes but we feel now is you boot
to play the way of xbox does not work
to be here on this kind of question
during the presidential candle in cairo
people show up and if there are six years
if there is a business from japan japan
guys appears I think that on the tip
me appeared the goalkeeper and revenue
Annual japan I think it's the
opponent but here this does not first
I think this one here guys today
here or is this your japan side you have
what to copy and paste in google translate
but as I can be that will give this
you can paint
max is getting the civil code I do not
I will not even copy this code, I guess.
I 'm going, I 'm going to just put the video on.
because we also need a school
so just now sign up if
channel and Pharisees